Un-centralized Idea Support and Auditability with Blockchain Technology and Faith Token

Trust should not come on a mantle. What should come first? Faith, believing. It should be noted that this idea comes from a strong belief in God and that spreading belief and Good things is overall better then not doing anything. 

Key Overall Goal: Spread and support Good ideas through blockchain technology. 

Overview High Level: 

People should be incentivized and rewarded for doing and supporting Good things. Actors who commit and excute on doing Good things should be rewarded, tracked and promoted. 
Actors who commit but do not follow through with their promises should be held publicly accountable or easily distingueshed from Good actors. 
Blockchain and crypto technology provide an easy to use method accessible world wide that can be used to support anyone and anything that is Good. 
Through an auditable and easily verifiable trail, trusted and Good people and ideas will continue to rise and bad actors will either not participate or have a public ledger cleary defining their past commitments and follow through rate for their actions. 

Currently, elite actors with deep pockets maniuplate and drown out ideas that do not support their objectives. In particular, this is evident through the use of marketing in politics and forced opinions in religions. 
Through the use of blockchain and a new token (tentaivly named "FAITH Token") to support good ideas, this can be counteracted by supporting and investing in good ideas (i.e. possible laws, new cancer research, etc) and allowing anyone who wishes to receive or get that Good invesment if they provide enough proof that they've accomplished said task. 
Once enough evidence is provided, users worldwide (or regionally) could vote to determine if indeed said actor has completed the task. Additonally, this could just be a token that is used as an investment vechile if others belive the overall faith in "Good" or Faith will increase in the future. 

Technical High Level: 

GUNDUM in this context, refers to the technological requirements and infrastructure needed to achieve this goal. 

GUNDUM - 
Continues Development and Continues Integration are already key aspects of technology development, it should be crucial that the techonological aspects of this project also continue to develop as secuirty and design principals evolve. 
This process, which introduces ongoing automation and monitoring throughout the lifecycle of apps, from integration and testing phases to delivery and deployment
 - needs to be implemented in a blockchain like manner that supports the updating of all aspects of the technology stack that support GUNDUM. Technology practices through AGILE and GIT provide a standarized way to make changes based on bug reports, issues and or requested features. 
 The idea of peer-review and peer-approval for changes is already baked into most technology enthusiast. The highest danger comes from a malicious actor taking control of the system and making unwanted changes. 
 Security technology principals already bake in the idea that you should have ZERO trust in anyone and provide only the minimal privileges to all users to accomplish the required task. 
The challenge will be how to ensure with as close to 100% certainty (Anomolies will occur) that the users conducting changes to the technology stack are trusted and that the changes being conducted are safe and GOOD. 
The idea here is to leverage blockchain to vote on changes that will take place in GUNDUM, allowing the majority to decide how changes to the stack evolve in an uncentralized manner. 



aBeliefNow.com in this context, will refer to the User interface requirements needed to accomplish this goal. 

aBeliefNow.com User Interface - Workflow Example 

0. Anyone is allowed to browse ideas on the site. There needs to be ideas to browse through first. 
	0.1 Provide a way for anyone to support an idea without investing. Less weight then signed in and verified accounts but still valuable. Comments? \
1. Normal User (NU) A-Z signs up for services \
2. Actor (NU but is someone that is willing and believes he can take action to complete an idea) signs up for services 
3. NU can - 
	1. Invest in FAITH as a currency/investment option, swapping USD/currency for faith. No other action taken from NU. Investment vehicle. 
	2. Invest in FAITH and look for ideas on the platform they support. They can use their faith to invest in that idea. 
4. Ideas can - 
	1. Be a particular subject, or overall GOAL someone creates for Free \
		Idea Types - \
			1. Be Broad (Religion based, i.e. Christianity)\
			2. Singular Goal (Get a dog to Africa, Cure Cancer strain type 2 model 212123) \
			3. Anything that can be continually improved on\
		Idea Features - \
			1. Each idea can have an ordered list of sub-ideas that can be invested in, the group can choose to invest in the next following subgoal/sub-idea to incentivize the Actor\
			2. Sub-ideas can be shared between the larger groups/ideas (while not all sub ideas will be shared by all groups, some ideas could be shared and resources POOLED to grant an even larger incentive \
			3. Similar ideas can be merged - since anyone can create ideas, some will be duplicated - the key will be to merge resources to get the largest incentive possible to the ACTOR \
			5. Ideas should have clear definitions of their intents, as well as clear requirements for completion that an ACTOR can provide proof of. \
			4. An idea can be sponsored by the Actor , i.e he commits to completing that idea in X period \
			5. Ideas could have a membership fee (i.e. church fee, gym fee, etc). Automatic giving of faith on a set schedule to provide an easy and hassle free way to be part of idea, without needing to research every single sub-idea. For NUs that want to give their faith to the larger group and is ok and happy leaving decision making to more active participants. Easy to cancel, automatic payments similarity.\
	2. The initial idea will be that GOD is real, with the subtask of creating the best scientific hypothesis/explanation for him - Personal preferance and strong belief that this is key to the success of this project. 
	3. There should be one more idea to track the GUNDUM project, clean slate, all can improve as they see fit. 
5. Actors - \
	1. All users in the platform are actors, there is no specific designation - Only the willingness to take action differentiates between NU and Actor \
	2. Actors can sponsor an idea and sub-ideas and commit to completing them. This could also be a GROUP of Actors committing to one idea (Senators, Reps, etc) \
	3. Actors must then ACT, and try to accomplish this idea. \
	4. Once the time is up for the idea or its been accomplished, the Actor must submit proof that he has indeed completed it. \
		From here, two things can occur -\
		1. NUs for the idea vote YES based on the proof that the Actor has submitted - the Actor gets rewarded and the next sub idea becomes the focus available to be sponsored (Optional based on idea?) \
			1. There could be cases where an Actor over commits, is malicious or overestimates their ability to complete a task and fails, the community will vote based on GOOD will if the actor still either \
				deservers the reward and the idea is closed out \
				no reward but no penalty and the idea remains  OR\
				penalty and the idea remains \
		2. NUs for the idea vote NO based on the proof that the Actor has submitted \
			1. Actor(s) do not receive reward, penalty is applied to their profile for committing to an idea and not executing. \
	5. Actors could potentially make fake accounts, however trusted actors will exists with auditable history. I.E. if we ask a politician for proof of all he\'92s done, a new account would provide no trust. \
	6. All NUs can sponsor an idea, NUs can declare themselves as groups during or before idea completion to be considered in a group and have the rewards pooled. \
	7. While any actor can sponsor an idea, that does not mean they \'93Control\'94 the idea, any other actor can also sponsor said idea at the same time and whoever completes the task first, wins. 

Possible Concerns - 

Why is this different than GoFundMe, Kickstarter, other peer to peer support channels? 
AUDITABILITY and CONTINUED TRACTABILITY. The idea being that it would be similar to a social network where the things you commit to continue to be tracked over time. Reputation is important in small and large communities, but funds will be withheld if key commits are not completed regardless and that will be visible for all but especially key for time sensitive ideas (i.e. law needs to pass withen x amount of time) \


How will the process of creating the token, minting and allocating of the initial funds be completed? 
TBD. Needs to be in an uncentralized way, but there needs to be an initial controller. NEAR seems to have excellent options for decentralized DOAs and governence. 

How does NEAR/ETH play into this? 
After review, NEAR seems to provide large amounts of tools and options that fulfill the requirements of this project, including low transaction fees, built on top of ETH, many others already listed through the NEAR site. 

}