{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww30460\viewh17420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Technical Overview \
\
Key Technology Goal:
\f1\b0  Create an initial, proof of concept, for uncentralized infrastructure and code that can be voted on and continually developed by all participants to support PROJECT GUNDUM. \
\
GUNDUM in this context, refers to the technological requirements and infrastructure needed to achieve this goal. \
\

\f0\b High Level: 
\f1\b0 \
\
Continues Development and Continues Integration are already key aspects of technology development. This process, introduces ongoing automation and continuous monitoring throughout the lifecycle of apps, from integration and testing phases to delivery and deployment. - needs to be implemented in a blockchain like manner that supports the updating of all aspect of the technology stack that support GUNDUM. Technology practices through AGILE and GIT provide a standarized way to make changes based on bug reports, issues and or requested features. The idea of peer-review and peer-approval for changes is already baked into most technology enthusiast. The highest danger comes from a malicious actor taking control of the system and making unwanted changes. Security technology principals already bake in the idea that you should have ZERO trust in anyone and provide only the minimal privileges to all users to accomplish the required task. The challenge will be how to ensure with as close to 100% certainty (Anomolies will occur) that the users conducting changes to the technology stack are trusted and that the changes being conducted are safe and GOOD. \
\
To support the KEY Overall GOAL, the following infrastructure will likely be needed. This will be the initial, PROOF Of Concept, bare minimum to get support and complete the objective. \
Users can continue to develop it, if they want. \
\
1. Faith based Token built on top of ETH. \
2. Cross platform user-interface to interact with backend servers \
3. Azure for DMZ (Edge access, highly scalable)\
4. Azure for Internal servers, (Kubernetes Clusters for scalability?) \
5. Integrations with Blockchain\
6. Multi-language and on the fly translations for any idea, + third party services to increase adoptability or ease of use \
8. Full blockchain implementation as DB for storing user data, profiles, votes, etc. \
\
\

\f0\b Workflow Example \
\
0. Anyone is allowed to browse ideas on the site. There needs to be ideas to browse first though. \
	0.1 Provide a way for anyone to support an idea without investing. Less weight then signed in and verified accounts but still valuable. Comments? \
1. Normal User (NU) A-Z signs up for services \
2. Actor (NU but is someone that\'92s willing and believes he can take action to complete an idea) signs up for services \
3. NU can - \
	1. Invest in FAITH as a currency/investment option, swapping USD/currency for faith. No other action taken from NU. Investment vehicle. \
	2. Invest in FAITH and look for ideas on the platform they support. They can use their faith to invest in that idea. \
4. Ideas can - \
	1. Be a particular subject, or overall GOAL someone creates for Free \
		Idea Types - \
			1. Broad (Religion based, i.e. Christianity)\
			2. Singular Goal (Get a dog to Africa, Cure Cancer strain type 2 model 212123) \
			3. Anything that can be continually improved on\
		Idea Features - \
			1. Each idea can have an ordered list of sub-ideas that can be invested in, the group can always invest in the next following subgoal/sub-idea to incentivize the Actor\
			2. Sub-ideas can be shared between the larger groups/ideas (while not all sub ideas will be shared by all groups, some ideas could be shared and resources POOLED to grant an even larger incentive \
			3. Similar ideas can be merged - since anyone can create ideas, some will be duplicated - the key will be to merge resources to get the largest incentive possible to the ACTOR \
			5. Ideas should have clear definitions of their intents, as well as clear requirements for completion that an ACTOR can provide proof of. \
			4. An idea can be sponsored by the Actor , i.e he commits to completing that idea in X period \
			5. Ideas could have a membership fee (i.e. church fee, gym fee, etc). Automatic giving of faith on a set schedule to provide an easy and hassle free way to be part of idea, without needing to research every single sub-idea. For NUs that want to give their faith to the larger group and is ok and happy leaving decision making to more active participants. Easy to cancel, automatic payments similarity.\
	2. The initial idea will be that GOD is real, with the subtask of creating the best scientific hypothesis/explanation for him \
	3. There should be one more idea to track the GUNDUM project, clean slate, all can improve as they see fit. \
5. Actors - \
	1. All users in the platform are actors, there is no specific designation - Only the willingness to take action differentiates between NU and Actor \
	2. Actors can sponsor an idea and sub-ideas and commit to completing them. This could also be a GROUP of Actors committing to one idea (Senators, Reps, etc) \
	3. Actors must then ACT, and try to accomplish this idea. \
	4. Once the time is up for the idea or its been accomplished, the Actor must submit proof that he has indeed completed it. \
		From here, two things can occur -\
		1. NUs for the idea vote YES based on the proof that the Actor has submitted - the Actor gets rewarded and the next sub idea becomes the focus available to be sponsored (Optional based on idea?) \
			1. There could be cases where an Actor over commits, is malicious or overestimates their ability to complete a task and fails, the community will vote based on GOOD will if the actor still either \
				deservers the reward and the idea is closed out \
				no reward but no penalty and the idea remains  OR\
				penalty and the idea remains \
		2. NUs for the idea vote NO based on the proof that the Actor has submitted \
			1. Actor(s) do not receive reward, penalty is applied to their profile for committing to an idea and not executing. \
	5. Actors could potentially make fake accounts, however trusted actors will exists with auditable history. I.E. if we ask a politician for proof of all he\'92s done, a new account would provide no trust. \
	6. All NUs can sponsor an idea, NUs can declare themselves as groups during or before idea completion to be considered in a group and have the rewards pooled. \
	7. While any actor can sponsor an idea, that does not mean they \'93Control\'94 the idea, any other actor can also sponsor said idea at the same time and whoever completes the task first, wins. 
\f1\b0 \
\
\

\f0\b Concerns \
\
Continued payment of services \

\f1\b0 GUNDUM idea should fund any following charges - otherwise it will die. 
\f0\b \

\f1\b0 \

\f0\b How to prevent the creation of fake accounts to manipulate votes 
\f1\b0 \
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwiph4-fk9j4AhVIHzQIHWBtA4cQFnoECA0QAw&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ubisecure.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2019%2F06%2FUbisecure-and-Remme-Blockchain-IAM.pdf&usg=AOvVaw2ImphKBIKViSE5Qt24JgBK"}}{\fldrslt Driving Decentralized IAM | Ubisecurehttps://www.ubisecure.com \'9b uploads \'9b 2019/06 \'9b U...}}\
\
\

\f0\b Malicious or state sponsored actor takes control of the system 
\f1\b0 \
Azure/Microsoft are fairly safe, however multi-cloud environments should be considered in the future to reduce dependency on any singular point of failure. \
Additionally, a high amount of security practices should be worked on by groups to decrease chances of an attack \
Lastly, due to the CI/CD nature - the goal is that this will all be open source, meaning anyone will be able to replicate and re-create in a worst case scenario. Others are welcome to create more GUNDUM spinoffs. \
Highest level of concern relate to administrator passwords that cannot be open-source, however there exists methods to retrieve passwords securely without necessarly making them public \
\
\
\
\

\f0\b Constraints \
\
1. Budget, $10,000 \
2. Time, self imposed deadline, October 21st \
3. Knowledge and information gathering \

\f1\b0  \
 \
\
\
\
}